# MinZ Comprehensive Test Report

**Date:** Fri  1 Aug 2025 12:18:57 IST
**Total Tests:** 144

## Summary

- **Compilation Success Rate:** 86/144 (59.7%)
- **Optimization Success Rate:** 85/144 (59.0%)
- **Overall Pass Rate:** 85/144 (59.0%)
- **Performance Improvements:** 23/144 (16.0%)

## Top Performers

```
test_missing_features.minz,    2748,    2794,-1.7,4,3,25.0,25.0
test_16bit_smc.minz,    4712,    5307,-12.6,12,9,25.0,25.0
test_strings.minz,    3131,    3062,2.2,9,7,22.2,22.2
simple_true_smc.minz,    3169,    3830,-20.9,9,7,22.2,22.2
simple_add.minz,    3688,    4222,-14.5,9,7,22.2,22.2
```

## Failed Tests

```
mnist/mnist_complete.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
mnist/mnist_simple.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
mnist/mnist_attr_editor.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
game_sprite.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
working_asm_integration.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
zvdb_paged.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_all_features.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
real_world_asm_examples.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
mnist_complete.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
true_smc_demo.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_lua_codegen.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
mnist_simple.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
editor_standalone.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
structs.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
protocol_state_machine.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
hardware_ports.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
abi_rom_integration.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
asm_integration_tests.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
iterators.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
true_smc_test.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
data_structures.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
lua_metaprogramming.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
smc_optimization_simple.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
shadow_registers.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
math_functions.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_lua_simple.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
zvdb_scorpion_optimized.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_lua_math.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
parser_state_machine.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_bit_field_access.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
metaprogramming.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
nested_loops.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
smc_optimization.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
inline_assembly.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_advanced_missing.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_missing_specific.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_imports.minz,FAIL,Optimization failed
test_const_simple_fix.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_true_smc_call.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
zvdb_demo.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_asm_final.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_asm.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_loop_into.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
zvdb_optimized.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_lua_blocks.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
game_state_machine.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
lookup_tables.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
modules/game/sprites.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
modules/game/player.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
modules/main.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
pointer_arithmetic.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
screen_color.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_struct.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
state_machines.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
main.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_language_coverage.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
lua_sine_table.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
test_lua_tables.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
zvdb_code_search.minz,FAIL,Compilation failed
```
